@tus/server: make upload-offset a string (#752)
tus/tus-node-server: .changeset/happy-countries-ring.md

---

> "@tus/server": minor
> ---
> 
> fix bug: upload-offset header should be string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"@tus/server": patch
---

Correctly return upload-offset header as a string instead of number
```
